Docs - Minor edits Applying Style Guide and Diataxis (#1123)
iotaledger/bee: documentation/docs/getting_started/nodes_101.md

---
# Nodes 101

The IOTA network is a distributed type of network called the Tangle. The network is distributed among multiple servers

> called nodes, and nodes are the backbone of an IOTA network. Here, you will learn what nodes do in an IOTA network.

Reviewer: "Here" seems a bit vague.

## Attaching New Messages to the Tangle

A _message_ is a data structure that is actually being broadcast in the IOTA network and represents a vertex in the

> Tangle graph. When nodes receive a new message, they attach it to the Tangle by adding the message to their local database. For the definition of a message, take a look at our [Messages, payloads, and transactions](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/guides/dev_guide#messages-payloads-and-transactions) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tangle graph. When nodes receive a new message, they attach it to the Tangle by adding the message to their local database. For the definition of a message, take a look at the [Messages, payloads, and transactions guide](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/developer#messages-payloads-and-transactions) in the [Chrysalis documentation](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/welcome).
```

> * Check that a transaction is not transferring more IOTA tokens than are available on the address.

Reviewer: the link on line 51 should point to the [wiki](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/guides/developer#unspent-transaction-output-utxo)

* Respond to clients' requests for their balance.
* Once the node has confirmed a transaction with the Tangle, update the node's record of balances. 

## Exposing APIs for Clients

Nodes come with two set of low-level APIs:

* [HTTP Rest API](#http-rest-api).
* [Event API](#event-api).

:::info

> Developers do not need to communicate with nodes using a mentioned low-level API. Developers can leverage the [iota client libraries](https://chrysalis.docs.iota.org/libraries) that provide a high-level abstraction to all features IOTA nodes provide, either on HTTP API level or Event API level.

Reviewer: We make the reader the main actor here.
The link needs to point to the wiki.
```suggestion
You do not need to communicate with nodes using the mentioned low-level API. You can leverage the [iota client libraries](https://wiki.iota.org/chrysalis-docs/libraries/overview) that provide a high-level abstraction to all features IOTA nodes provide, either on HTTP API level or Event API level.
```
